it's like a guy who has many lives
in one and this is a little too what
we count there what you value not having
betrayed never let's say it's a guy
frontal was always like that
and a little bit also with that title of
book until the last drop
he was always up to the last
consequences with your head with your life
with his way of feeling football and
feel the life we ​​have received
comments from people who were
reading that says good at times
come to hug them for moments more river
to laughter and for a moment it gives me no
I know it warms me up and it goes back and forth
has not shown many things with the
heart beyond what he plays at
football that everyone knows what was
but I think that as a person he has left
another image and another footprint that but I think
that the most important in all this and the
greatest madness are the things that
you want is the kind of say of gattuso
than before the party that told the
old that will be three years in san siro
and we were sure that he lacked the
most important travel because nothing
just at the right time and with a game
more and I do not play anymore and went to the field and
he lived his life with the way he wanted
he wants to continue living is not the
way of doing it and you have to
respect them because one can not do
A lot may be wrong, not many
Sometimes I did not agree with him
but he is sincere and is
white is if it is not transparent through
kiss kiss
and this time it seems like it
keeps innocent child because he does things
of innocent because he was doing the macanas
and I did not lie to you
I wish I were a percentage of your
heart
and I think it's a unique character